Apr 8, 2022 Meeting (2:00 - 9:00 PM) @ Geisel:
----------------------------------------------

People who attended: Everyone

What we talked about:

-   New team name (Texas Code'em)

-   Made the video

Technical Terms for Video

-   Good Practices

-   Psychological Safety

-   Accessibility

-   Security

-   TDD

-   Documentation

-   Planning

-   User Centered Design 

-   Architectural Design Records 

-   User Stories/Persona 

-   Version Control

-   CI/CD

-   Shared Team Style Guidelines

-   Agile 

-   Bad Practices

-   Tech Debt

-   Feature Driven

-   Ball of Mud

-   "Spaghetti Code"

-   Code from Stack Overflow

Self-intro

-   Baijun Chen(Tim): Hi, my name is Baijun Chen. I am a fourth-year computer science student from Warren College. I enjoy swimming, playing video games. working out, and watching anime. 

-   Karina Sanchez: My name is Karina Sanchez. I am a 4th year Computer Science student from Warren College. I enjoy playing volleyball, watching sports and painting.

-   Young Jun Kim(Jun): My name is Jun Kim, and I am a 4th year computer science student from Warren College. I liked hiking, reading self help books, and watching One Piece in my free time.

-   Jinhao Liu: 4th year computer science major from sixth college. I like cooking and playing badminton. 

-   Jason Au: Hi, my name is Jason Au, and I'm a 3rd year CS major in Muir College. I am currently engrossed in Dark Souls and Umineko and my favorite anime is Love is War. On the other hand, I enjoy skiing, raving, airsoft, and playing drums.

-   Geewhan Kim: 4th-year Computer Engineering from Warren. I enjoy playing basketball, working out, and listening to music. 

-   Michael Khanzadeh: Hey my name is Michael and I'm a 4th year CS student. I love to hike, surf, run, and pretty much anything outdoorsy.