May 2. 2022 weekly meeting
--------------------------

People who attended: Jun, Jinhao, Austin, Anthony, Karina, Geewhan, Baijun, Jason

What we talked about

-   Spring 2 planning

-   Will start on Tuesday or Wednesday

-   Maybe use firebase for storing user information

-   Maybe use cookies to store user information.

-   Cookies need ADR

-   Need to determine coding rules

-   Jinhao can look into cookies

-   Figure out branching conventions 

-   Look into merging issues

-   Look into compression for CI/CD (maybe use gulp, Jun)

-   Anthony will work on integrating a timer on the tab.

-   Look into graphing (ADR)

-   Karina should look into ZingChart (Karina)

-   Geewhan will be looking into the safari issue

-   Tim will look into log rocket and other analytics providers.

-   Anthony and Jason will look into HTML refactoring.

-   Look into documentation (system diagrams, flow graph)

-   Decide on coding standards and branch conventions 

-   Midterm

-   Austin Q1-2

-   Tim Q3-5

-   Jun Q6-7

-   Karina Q8-12

-   Geewhan Q13-16

-   Jinhao Q17-19

-   Anthony Q20-23

-   Jason Q26-29

-   Michael 24,25,30