Apr 18, 2022 Meeting (8:00 - ) on Zoom:
---------------------------------------

People who attended: everyone
-----------------------------

Meeting Plan

-   Discuss the weights we would apply to generate a final score for each project

-   Opportunity for repo owners to answer questions from reviewers.

-   Discuss what roles we would have and how many people we assign to each role. 

What we talked about

-   Gave scores to our values

-   Anthony's Repo

-   Security issues

-   UI/UX can use some work

-   Decent amount of features

-   UI breaks (can be fixed easily)

-   Accessibility can be worked on

-   Easy to improve on, but not too much we can do to it.

-   Jun's Repo

-   User input security, it ends up breaking css

-   Hard to plan out

-   Auto select for date, and confirmation for selecting stuff

-   Karina's Repo

-   Uses an API and there is an API limit

-   UI/UX is good

-   Project is good

-   Print statements in production

-   Geewhan's Repo

-   No comment

-   Michael's Repo

-   UI is solid, and test coverage is good

-   Wasn't able to run the test

-   Live site isn't working

-   No fancy features

-   Could potentially use stats (create user accounts)

-   Austin's Repo

-   Has potential?

-   Baijun's Repo

-   Also used a API

-   Has a SQL database?

-   Jason's Repo

-   Android

-   Michael vs Anthony => Michael

-   Karina vs Baijun => Karina

-   Michael vs Karina => ?

TODO

-   Do evals for Michael and Karina 

-   Ask Priyanka about geekbot and if standups were meant for 9:30am.