May 15. 2022 Weekly Meeting
---------------------------

People who attended: Jun, Tim, Jinhao, Karina, Austin, Jason, Anthony, Michael

What we talked about

-   Austin: Finished session storage. Need to fix scaling with the button. Had issues with testing. 

-   Tim: Set the analytics. Send him an email if you want to see if it works.

-   Jun: Finished compression

-   Anthony: Added CSS comments, and added the time on tab

-   Jason: Refactored HTML, and did PRs

-   Karina: Integrated Zingcharts into app

-   Michael: Added custom domain

-   Anthony will rework app layout

-   Karina will try to enforce better pomo principles

-   Michael will add personalization (Background stuff)

-   Jason will fix css issues

-   Jun will continue to optimize the 

-   Geewhan should have fixed the scaling issue

-   Tim will try to improve the setting page