Apr 13, 2022 Discussion (6:00 - 6:50 PM) On Zoom with Priyanka:
---------------------------------------------------------------

People who attended: Austin, Jun, Tim, Anthony, Jason, Karina, Michael, Jinhao
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What we talked about:

-   How detailed do we have to be about our values and constraints for the 5 slides

-   We need to be specific about values/constraints and talk about them at a low level detail (Don't go too deep in detail)

-   Going specific will help us figure out what projects are good since we will have detailed descriptions of what we value.

-   Bullet points are preferred for the assignment. But don't skimp out on details. 

-   When comparing the projects, there can be a lot of values and constraints. As a result, we should focus on the values and constraints we value, and rate/choose a project off that.

-   For values and constraints, it's ok to have both objective and subjective values and constraints. 

-   How to figure out how to pick the 2 best projects.

-   Priyanka recommended

-   Each individual compares two projects, and does individual assignments.

-   As a team, collectively rate the projects based on the report and rank it.

-   We take the top two projects with the highest mean score.

-   This will help us for the assignment where we need to pick/compare the two projects.

TODO:

-   Figure out how we are going to distribute the projects

-   Spreadsheet for everyone to put in their project info

-   Individual project comparison assignment.

-   Figure out the top best projects