Apr 20, 2022 Discussion:
------------------------

People who attended: Jun, Karina, Austin, Anthony

What we talked about
--------------------

-   How we are going to decide on the project we are going to work on.

-   One group talked about making sure the code is not brittle

-   One group talked about taking a in depth look into the testsÂ 

-   Priyanka recommended that we do this as well

-   Priyanka will change standups to 11:00am

-   Priyanka will share the roles she thought would work for each person after the call.

-   People suggested that we really understand the repo we pick, and polish the project before adding anymore features

TODO

-   Finish the slides for the top 2 projects