- Topic: Standup Meeting
- Date: 3/11/21
- Time: 2:00pm (Thursday)
- Location: Zoom (Online)
- Written by: Michael Brown
- Attendance: 8/9 (Ved excused for midterm)
- Time: 15 min

Viren
```
- Fixed bugs
  - ie. Long break bug (would always do short break)
- Focus: reviewing PRs and continuing testing1
```

Arsen
```
- Reviewing PRs
- Modularizing code (CSS)
- Focus: Review PRs and look over remaining issues
- Making self available to help others
```

Josh
```
- Working on / reviewing incoming PRs
- Focusing on user accessibility
  - Ie. Tab indexing for keyboard users
- Focusing on stylization in CSS
- Working on merging the graph to main
- Going to focus on constants refactoring
```

Michael K.
```
- Made new issue
  - Graph not connected to CSS
  - Manually made rectangle shapes change (color-wise)
- Sync appearance with Arsen's changes
- Will make listeners for buttons in accessibility pane
  - For live updating
- Fixing merge conflicts; collaboration with Arsen
```

Michael B.
```
- Fixing through the PR of the settings pane
  - New bugs
  - Arsen's feeback --> a to-do list for optimizations
- sprint3Summary branch (new main branch for Michael B.)
  - the "meetings" branch is bugged/outdated
```

William
```
- Added all the ADRs
  - A total of 12 now!
- Going to re-title the ADRs for clearer distinction
```

Keshab
```
- Confetti PR went through
- Now working on timer muting of colors as timer runs
- Working on background/gray ring for cycle animation
```

Amy
```
- Finished previous merges
- Will assist with Michael B.
  - Michael will update the issue details for clearer planning
```

# Additional Notes
- Titles of columns (editing the panes)
  - Ie. "Weekly Overview" and "Disruptions"
- Y-axis title: "Pomos completed"
