- Topic: Discussion w/ Chad
- Date: 3/5/21
- Time: 4:00pm (Friday)
- Location: Zoom (Online)
- Written by: Michael Brown
- Attendance: 9/9
- Time: 30 min.

# Reflection of Wednesday Discussion
- Cool approach to cross-pollination
- Encouraging group feedback from individuals to one another

-------
# Chad's Questions

"How was Sprint 9?"
```
- Multiple issues closed (many created during Week 9)
  - Some are stretch goals, to be pushed to Week 10
  - Ie. text indicators, swapping colors, accessibility pane
- Lots of refactoring completed
  - Sortind our code for ease of use
- Several Cypress tests created
  - Meeting the thresholds we want
- Standardizing the stats page
- Local storage completed
- Timer bug components completed
  - Ie. black-hole, timer delay, double click, resizing
- Week 8 issues
  - All has been merged
```

"What will we pursue next?"
```
- Need to iron out some final PR merging errors
- Saving Week 10 for feature implementations
- Further solidifying our testing + Cypress
  - Making everything robust as possible
  - Chad: "Don't test trivial things!"
- Double checking JS Testing and Docs
  - Making sure all artifacts are present
  - Checking for additional changes to ADRs
```

"How are we passing our data?"
```
- Local storage is our main data storage
  - Storing/retrieving for statistics
- When stats pane opened, triggers retrieval of local storage
  - Using modules that interact via function calls
```

"How are we mocking our tests?
```
- Created mock-up window using JS DOM
  - Since local storage an object of window
```

"How are JS docs?"
```
- Everyone writing propper documentation per function created
- Just need to fill in extra blanks
```

"Documentation of meeting notes?"
```
- Y e p
- Will be important for TA reviewers to trace through progress of entire team
```

"Screen sizing?"
```
- Works on website + phone sizing
- Natural arrangement of all items works as expected (especially on phone)
- More testing applied to ensure quality (mobile in mind!)
```

-------

# Grading Insight!
```
- All TAs to reconvene for passing grades
- Chad -- judges in relativity to other teams
  - For us at the moment: "falling in the B to A range"

- Chad can't guarantee everything!
  - Up to the final council of all graders
- Digging through repo to track as much developmental processes as possible
  - May bump up team grades relative to their level of contribution
  - The question to ask ourselves: "Are you contributing the best way you can?"
    - Not a matter of quantity but quality + overall sign that you are putting good effort
  
- Class final (on Webreg) ---> the HARD DEADLINE
  - Albeit, we should be finished by then
```

- Big takeaway
  - Documentation and testing seems to play a huge role in the grading process
  - Testing will be hosted elsewhere by TAs when grading
-------

# Our questions to Chad

"What would you like to see more from us?"
```
- Doing well in terms of testing, code-polish (common tips)
- Nothing specific in mind
```

"The release of final assignments?"
```
- Released on Canvas by TAs asap
- Will be focused to encompass the entire term (not week-span)
```

"Do you expect a retro from similar to the one produced prior?" 
```
- Final report will entail when released
- Expect it to be more detailed + broken down
```
