- Topic: Final Meeting with Chad!
- Date: 3/21/21
- Time: 4:00pm (Friday)
- Location: Zoom (Online)
- Written by: Michael Brown
- Attendance: 9/9

# "What did eveyrone work on?"
### Standup-Style

Arsen
```
- Reviewing PRs, making suggestions
- Modularizing the CSS code
- Retheming the website with Josh and Viren
```

Josh
```
- Stats graph (bar chart) w/ Michael K.
- Pushed out latest changes
- Creating library logic (drawing graph from scratch)
- Worked on keyboard-only user accessibility w/ Arsen
- Actively reviewing PRs
```

Michael K.
```
- Worked on stats graph w/ Josh
- Created a function to calculate max. value for x and y axes
- Attaching accessibility color feature with the color of the bars
- Actively reviewing PRs as often as possible
```

Ved
```
- Early sections of design of graph
- Discussion with stats team about logic of graph
  - Ie. logic for bar aesthetic; not reaching too far up the screen)
  - Calculating highest line to prevent such bugs
- Helping out with wherever anyone else needs assistance
  - Ie. merge conflicts, reviews, testing
```

William
```
- Worked on updating the alarm sounds
- Updating documentation for the entire team
  - ADRs updated based on group decisions
```

Keshab
```
- Confetti animation triggers after completing task
- Updating stylization of timer
  - Ie. muted colors behind ring as it traverse across screen
  - 
```

Michael B.
```
- Completing the admin documentation
  - ie. Sprint 3 review and Retrospective
```

Amy
```
- Text indicators at the top of the screen
- Editing the spatial organization of the settings pane
  - Work in CSS (line spacing and 
```

Viren
```
- Fixing bugs
  - Ie. long/short breaks not being consistent
- Updating and working through PRs and reviews
- Polishing the UI
```

-------

"How is testing?"
```
- Testing as we go
  - Will go over the rest as a team (whether tonight or tomorrow)
- Some items don't need testing for coverage
  - ie. animations, not actual logic
  - Such cases where testing can't actually be possible
  - Using a canvas for the graph; is not possible to test inside a canvas
- Coverage overall is at 75%

- Manual testing; where to mention for TAs to see?
  - Chad: Keep info along with important documentation (ie. "protocol documentation")
  - To the very least, include in some README or other obvious document
  - "Codeify" as a set of manual tests to show that manual tests were used
```

"Is all documentation up to date?"
```
- Architecture diagrams need to be updated
  - We've only added a couple of things, not too much

- Designs need to be updated
  - Button visuals have been flattened
  - Visual counters at top of screen

- User flows remain the same
```

-------

# "How was the sprint retro meeting?"

- We had more coding sessions, synchronous standups
- More communcation and activity goin on in the Slack
- Weeks 8 & 9 yielded to vaster/greater progress
- Workload preserved from before
- Throughout each sprint/week, team dynamics grew
- Overall, team progressing in a great direction

-------

"How are we feeling with the course & state of our product?"
- In other words: "How do we feel?"

```
- Hoping not to get too many last-minute assignments
- Video task remains ("the final report")
  - Plus individual engineering statement
  - Makeup lab has been posted!

- Confusion about the final
  - Chad: We will create our presentation videos (short and long)
  - Short video is for the class
  - For all teams to appreciate each others work
  - Be sure to remain present for the entire duration
- In other words: "Make it fun and memorable!"
- Make sure all is submitted by Thursday night
```

-------

### Concerns
```
- Professor might not like confetti DURING a pomo cycle
  - Should save the animation during a break

- Try to stylize the titles to "de-emphasize" them
  - Makes it seem that some parts of the pomodoro are "clickable"
  - Ie. the top labels for pomo, break, long, etc.

- For y-axis of the pomo graph, tweaking the count
  - As of now, will make axis divisible by 3
```

-------

### Recommendation & Thoughts
- Notification
```
- Professor against notifications
- Good for keeping user aware of actions
  - However, better for a brief pop-up that the user doesn't have to actually click

- Can tweak the pop-up so that it only appears once, not after every click on "reset"
  - Just inform the user once
  - Or even a "Don't ask again" option/feature
  - Is up to us

- Or "Are you sure" appearing on top of the same button label
```

-------

# Overall...

Chad thinks that everything's looking extremely polished (comparatively to our previous sprints). Only remaining issues are nitpicks here and there (explained above). All that remains is for us to continue what we are doing best. Testing, tweaking, documenting, and so forth.

It's best for us to keep the code itself as clean as possible (given that TAs will be digging deep through our code).

Altogether, great job everyone!
