Action Item,Date Created,Completed
Testing on multiple devices and resolutions and implementing features to resolve issues,2021-03-08T05:48:57.336Z,
"Test to break - cypress (UI) and jest (functionality). ""bug bashing"" ",2021-03-08T05:48:27.799Z,
"Based on user stories, make sure we have implemented all of the features we described",2021-03-08T05:47:11.344Z,
Create ADRs - each sub-group should create ADRs for the features they built and choices they made,2021-03-08T05:46:32.937Z,
Review and update system diagrams and designs/user stories,2021-03-08T05:45:15.637Z,
"README - detailed project pipeline and installation instructions, JSDoc link",2021-03-08T05:44:43.821Z,
JSDoc - every function header and variable declaration needs to be reviewed and must meet documentation standards,2021-03-08T05:43:40.920Z,
"Moving string literals, magic numbers into constants",2021-03-08T05:39:26.118Z,
"Detailed review of other people's code - style, readability, any other aesthetic and functional qualities",2021-03-08T05:38:57.042Z,
"Follow workflow guidelines: pulling origin, merging main, running lint and tests locally, THEN submitting PR",2021-02-21T21:01:46.004Z,2021-03-08T05:29:09.571Z
Make sure people's time isn't wasted - only those relevant to a particular PR should be in a meeting for that,2021-02-21T21:00:59.040Z,2021-03-08T05:37:37.763Z
Review others PRs more often,2021-02-21T20:59:11.184Z,2021-03-08T05:29:19.259Z
"Recommendation for test-driven development: plan out functions, write tests first, THEN implement the function",2021-02-21T20:57:20.217Z,2021-03-08T05:29:23.758Z
Code check-ins by Viren and Arsen during Thursday team meeting after standup,2021-02-21T20:55:45.573Z,2021-03-08T05:29:27.074Z
More detailed issues in sprint planning so that people can push PRs more frequently,2021-02-21T20:54:43.167Z,2021-03-08T05:29:30.163Z
Modularization needs to be a part of sprint planning for Sprint 3,2021-02-21T20:52:25.983Z,2021-03-08T05:29:32.970Z
Tuesday and Saturday 9 PM PST synchronous standup with camera on. First 15 minutes of team meeting on Thursday 2 PM PST will be for standup,2021-02-21T20:52:01.413Z,2021-03-08T05:29:35.655Z
Better delegation of tasks within feature groups,2021-02-21T20:45:31.079Z,2021-03-08T05:29:39.081Z
Meeting sometime this week to review design and system diagram status,2021-02-21T20:44:24.032Z,2021-03-08T05:29:42.744Z
Normalize creating GH issues based on what is being discussed as problems in Slack,2021-02-21T20:43:26.891Z,2021-03-08T05:29:49.038Z